Next.js 9.2 Blog Post (#527)
zeit/next-site: pages/blog/next-9-2.mdx

### Improved Code-Splitting Strategy

Next.js versions prior to 9.2 had a fixed set of JavaScript bundles required to load and make a page interactive:

- The page's JavaScript file
- A file with common JavaScript
- Next.js client-side runtime bundle
- Webpack client-side runtime bundle
- Dynamic imports (added through `next/dynamic`, when used)

To make the page interactive, all these bundles have to load as they all depend on each other to be able to boot up React in the browser.

Because all of these bundles are required for the application to become interactive, it's important they are as optimized as possible.
In practice, this means not over-downloading code from other parts of the application.

For this reason, Next.js used a `commons` bundle that held common JavaScript between pages.
The calculation of the old bundle-splitting strategy to generate `commons` was a usage-ratio heuristic.
If a module was used in more than 50% of all pages, it'd be marked as a common module.
Otherwise, it was bundled in the page's JavaScript file.

> However, applications could exist of many different types of pages.

Reviewer: Feel free to ignore, but I assume this was meant to say:

```suggestion
However, applications can consist of many different types of pages.
```

Author: Thanks!

For example, marketing pages, a blog, and a dashboard.

> If there was a large number of marketing pages compared to other page types, the commons calculation would cause a more optimized result for the marketing pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If there was a large number of marketing pages compared to other page types, the commons calculation would result in optimizations heavily focused on the marketing pages.
```

Our goal is to optimize for all page types, in one application.

> [Alex Castle](https://twitter.com/atcastle) [proposed a new method of chunking](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues/7631) (creation of separate JavaScript files) that allows more optimized commons chunking with multiple files, especially when many pages are involved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Alex Castle](https://twitter.com/atcastle) [proposed a new method of chunking](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues/7631) (creation of separate JavaScript files) that allows optimized commons chunking with multiple files, including when many page types are involved.
```

> Today, we're happy to announce this new chunking behavior is on-by-default in Next.js 9.2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today, we're happy to announce this new chunking behavior is enabled by default in Next.js 9.2.
```

We'd like to extend deep gratitude to the [Google Chrome team](/blog/next-9#google-chrome-collaboration) and [Alex Castle](https://twitter.com/atcastle) for contributing this change.
This change reflects the cumulative effort of weeks of research, lab testing, real-world testing, and implementation.

> The new chunking implementation leverages [HTTP/2](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/http2) to deliver more, smaller chunks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new chunking implementation leverages [HTTP/2](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/http2) to deliver a greater number of smaller sized chunks.
```

Under the new heuristic, chunks are created for:

> - A minimal chunk for each page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A minimal chunk for each page.
```

> - A framework chunk containing React, ReactDOM, React's Scheduler, etc

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A framework chunk containing React, ReactDOM, React's Scheduler, etc.
```

- Library chunks for any `node_module` dependency over 160kb (pre-minify/gzip)

> - A commons chunk for code used across all pages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A commons chunk for code used across all pages.
```

> - As many shared chunks (used by 2 or more pages) as possible, optimizing for overall application size and initial load speed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- As many shared chunks (used by 2 or more pages) as possible, optimizing for overall application size and initial load speed.
```

> - Next.js' client-side runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Next.js' client-side runtime.
```

> - Webpack runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Webpack runtime.
```

                id="Shape-5"
                data-name="Shape"
                d="M251.07,19.92c0-.87-.5-1.3-1.58-1.3h-1.74v4.52h.7V21.2h.74l1.23,1.94h.76l-1.3-2a1.16,1.16,0,0,0,1.19-1.22Zm-1.89.71h-.73V19.19h.93c.47,0,1,.1,1,.69S249.8,20.63,249.18,20.63Z"
              />
              <path
                id="Shape-6"
                data-name="Shape"
                d="M249.25,17a3.86,3.86,0,1,0,2.739,1.12A3.87,3.87,0,0,0,249.25,17Zm0,7.17a3.2,3.2,0,0,1-3.19-3.32,3.19,3.19,0,1,1,6.37,0,3.2,3.2,0,0,1-3.18,3.34Z"
              />
            </g>
          </svg>
        </td>
        <td>
          <b>605kB</b>
        </td>
        <td>
          <b>425kB</b>
        </td>
        <td>
          <b>30%</b>
          <em>smaller</em>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>
          <amp-img
            src="/static/blog/next-9-2/sumup.png"
            alt="SumUp"
            width={91}
            height={36}
          />
        </td>
        <td>
          <b>395kB</b>
        </td>
        <td>
          <b>122kB</b>
        </td>
        <td>
          <b>70%</b>
          <em>smaller</em>
        </td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>
</div>

> The new chunking behavior does not only reduce your overall and initial-load size, but also successive client-side navigations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new chunking behavior not only reduces your overall and initial-load size, but also successive client-side navigations.
```
